future
You need money, don't you?
I'm reserved for whatever you want
Are you eating less or wearing less?
Hundreds of thousands
Just let you go out and show up
Why are you disobedient?
Answer I owe you
I will pay off the money I owe the Lu family
Pardon me?
This is your previous divorce offer
I told you before.
Don't mention those two words in front of me again
I'm tired, I'm really tired
What is between us?
Between us
Prove our marriage
It all started with my grandfather
Don't you love me?
Me too.
Don't love you
If you keep entangling, you can't support me
Come on.
I don't want this anymore.
I want to have a serious talk
I want to love someone with dignity
Who do you want to fall in love with?
Who do you want to love?
Whose is it?
As long as it's not you
Is the baby hungry?
Nothing.
Mom, I'm sorry.
Hey